what's up guys welcome back this is a
very quick overview and for the 5-point
open it energox here in front of me we
have the never reactor can actually go
anywhere in it because I doesn't ability
right and plus it's in creative i wanted
to show ya like how you build it if you
didn't know and i probably Billy wrong
anyway but some new blocks been added
there's mossy cobblestone which is a
family dungeons normally in normal micro
condition there's grass blocks so you
don't have to a place there and hope it
grows there's actual grass now and
there's a few other additions like
glowstone and all the thick of the
little lack that I'd some ads like that
so a new addition that was was it was
requested quite a bit and there I'm
quite glad actually they did this is
there if I put some mossy cobblestone
here and we now have paintings and if
you don't know what paintings where in
Minecraft well you place it down it
gives you a random painting so as you
can see random paintings do destroy the
book light and you gets bigger ones like
that and then sometimes you get huge
ones but and through experience how does
any huge ones at the moment we're all
just like kids on the block like that
but that's very cool i'll be using them
in my survival let's play some of the
other editions are they new seeds so we
can have mushroom farming now so can
create farms with mushrooms we have the
melons now whenever the melons before
and of course with the melons we have
melon seeds and the ass watermelons that
we can eat so that's very good push
going to jump into survival and just
check out some changes and bug fixes in
that so i'll see you in a sec all right
then so am actually in my survival world
now i was just a my mob trap probably
collecting some mobs last time i logged
off and letting you notice knew about
survival is the hearts are in the top
left of the screen now which is a lot
easier because this could mean their ID
name armor because now the
got an arm around the bottom and even a
possibly a food bar but only so
extremely cool if that happened
eventually they've actually increased
the air and it is said produced the Frog
of it excuse me so we can actually see
fair but now and it looks more beautiful
than ever another few bug fixes I where
the animals didn't respawn on them the
likely well the air mat you're in so now
we're animals will respawn again if we
go into the house we'll check out some
of the new craft air crafting recipes
like the painting but I think I have
enough for a painting okay look sorry I
need to go up here and I'll see what we
need for the pin will show you what you
need for the painting and damn want any
for the other stuff so if we go over
here you can craft glowstone with
glowstone dust which you get am in the
thing in the never actor and as you can
see there's a book without already thurs
the text on their sim then every actor
this is how you create it so you created
three diamonds six iron and some of the
other changes where the where is it the
blocks you can like obtain some are
running created but most of them are
here so Sam bug fixes like that those
are booked fix wave you a wasn't aiming
for a person it still here but his
paintings you create paintings with warm
wool and some sticks so we got any wood
by any chance probably not Oh committing
the sticks let's see if I can make a
painting so we can actually make a
painting but I guess you know you know
the light from the air first part of
this but think so much watching if you
did like this update and light what what
was included in it please do like this
video and make sure to subscribe to the
channel one person is view on since I do
this awesome let's play which is a great
and then and make sure to tell me and
the dogs going the wrong way that is
amazing after
that door because I didn't do that the
book did that but make sure you
subscribe like the video favorite the
video if you liked the update and i'll
see you guys later